!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
BlockchainBroadcastReceiver	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final class BlockchainBroadcastReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver$/;"	c	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
BlockchainBroadcastReceiver	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final class BlockchainBroadcastReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver$/;"	c	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
CurrencyAmountView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public CurrencyAmountView(final Context context)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
CurrencyAmountView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public CurrencyAmountView(final Context context, final AttributeSet attrs)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
CurrencyAmountView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^public final class CurrencyAmountView extends FrameLayout$/;"	c	language:Java
ExchangeRatesAdapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		private ExchangeRatesAdapter(final Context context)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter	file:
ExchangeRatesAdapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final class ExchangeRatesAdapter extends ResourceCursorAdapter$/;"	c	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
ExchangeRatesAdapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		private ExchangeRatesAdapter(final Context context)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter	file:
ExchangeRatesAdapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final class ExchangeRatesAdapter extends ResourceCursorAdapter$/;"	c	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
ExchangeRatesFragment	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^public final class ExchangeRatesFragment extends SherlockListFragment implements OnSharedPreferenceChangeListener$/;"	c	language:Java
ExchangeRatesFragment	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^public final class ExchangeRatesFragment extends SherlockListFragment implements OnSharedPreferenceChangeListener$/;"	c	language:Java
ID_BALANCE_LOADER	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private static final int ID_BALANCE_LOADER = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
ID_BALANCE_LOADER	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private static final int ID_BALANCE_LOADER = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
ID_RATE_LOADER	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private static final int ID_RATE_LOADER = 1;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
ID_RATE_LOADER	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private static final int ID_RATE_LOADER = 1;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
Listener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public static interface Listener$/;"	i	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
REQUEST_CODE_SCAN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private static final int REQUEST_CODE_SCAN = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
SendingAddressesFragment	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^public final class SendingAddressesFragment extends SherlockListFragment implements LoaderManager.LoaderCallbacks<Cursor>$/;"	c	language:Java
TextViewListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private final class TextViewListener implements TextWatcher, OnFocusChangeListener$/;"	c	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
activity	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private AbstractWalletActivity activity;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
activity	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private AbstractWalletActivity activity;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
activity	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private AbstractWalletActivity activity;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
adapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private ExchangeRatesAdapter adapter;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
adapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private ExchangeRatesAdapter adapter;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
adapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private SimpleCursorAdapter adapter;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
afterTextChanged	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^		public void afterTextChanged(final Editable s)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView.TextViewListener
amountSigned	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private boolean amountSigned = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
application	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private WalletApplication application;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
application	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private WalletApplication application;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
balance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private BigInteger balance = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
balance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private BigInteger balance = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
balanceLoaderCallbacks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final LoaderCallbacks<BigInteger> balanceLoaderCallbacks = new LoaderManager.LoaderCallbacks<BigInteger>()$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
balanceLoaderCallbacks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final LoaderCallbacks<BigInteger> balanceLoaderCallbacks = new LoaderManager.LoaderCallbacks<BigInteger>()$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
beforeTextChanged	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^		public void beforeTextChanged(final CharSequence s, final int start, final int count, final int after)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView.TextViewListener
bindView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		public void bindView(final View view, final Context context, final Cursor cursor)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter
bindView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		public void bindView(final View view, final Context context, final Cursor cursor)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter
broadcastReceiver	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final BlockchainBroadcastReceiver broadcastReceiver = new BlockchainBroadcastReceiver();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
broadcastReceiver	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final BlockchainBroadcastReceiver broadcastReceiver = new BlockchainBroadcastReceiver();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
changed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^		void changed();$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:CurrencyAmountView.Listener
clipboardManager	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private ClipboardManager clipboardManager;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.ui	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.ui;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.ui	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.ui;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.ui	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.ui;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.ui	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.ui;$/;"	p	language:Java
config	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private Configuration config;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
config	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private Configuration config;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
contentUri	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private Uri contentUri;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
contentUri	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private Uri contentUri;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
contextButton	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private View contextButton;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
contextButtonClickListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private OnClickListener contextButtonClickListener;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
contextButtonDrawable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private Drawable deleteButtonDrawable, contextButtonDrawable;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
currencySymbolDrawable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private Drawable currencySymbolDrawable;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
defaultCurrency	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private String defaultCurrency = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
defaultCurrency	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private String defaultCurrency = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
deleteButtonDrawable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private Drawable deleteButtonDrawable, contextButtonDrawable;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
deleteClickListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private final OnClickListener deleteClickListener = new OnClickListener()$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
errorColor	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private int significantColor, lessSignificantColor, errorColor;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
fire	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^		private boolean fire = true;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView.TextViewListener	file:
focusChanged	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^		void focusChanged(final boolean hasFocus);$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:CurrencyAmountView.Listener
getAmount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public BigInteger getAmount()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
getTextView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public TextView getTextView()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
handleCopyToClipboard	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleCopyToClipboard(final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handlePasteClipboard	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handlePasteClipboard()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handleRemove	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleRemove(final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handleScan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleScan()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handleSend	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleSend(final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handleShowQr	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleShowQr(final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handler	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private final Handler handler = new Handler();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
hintPrecision	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private int hintPrecision = 2;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
init	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private void init(final Context context)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
inputPrecision	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private int inputPrecision = 2;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
isValidAmount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private boolean isValidAmount(final boolean zeroIsValid)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
lessSignificantColor	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private int significantColor, lessSignificantColor, errorColor;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
listener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private Listener listener;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
loaderManager	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private LoaderManager loaderManager;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
loaderManager	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private LoaderManager loaderManager;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
loaderManager	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private LoaderManager loaderManager;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
onActivityResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onActivityResult(final int requestCode, final int resultCode, final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onAttach	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onAttach(final Activity activity)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onAttach	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onAttach(final Activity activity)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onAttach	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onAttach(final Activity activity)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onCreate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreate(final Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onCreate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreate(final Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onCreate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreate(final Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onCreateLoader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public Loader<Cursor> onCreateLoader(final int id, final Bundle args)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onCreateOptionsMenu	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreateOptionsMenu(final Menu menu, final MenuInflater inflater)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onCreateOptionsMenu	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreateOptionsMenu(final Menu menu, final MenuInflater inflater)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onCreateOptionsMenu	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreateOptionsMenu(final Menu menu, final MenuInflater inflater)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onDestroy	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onDestroy()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onDestroy	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onDestroy()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onDestroy	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onDestroy()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onFinishInflate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	protected void onFinishInflate()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
onFocusChange	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^		public void onFocusChange(final View v, final boolean hasFocus)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView.TextViewListener
onListItemClick	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onListItemClick(final ListView l, final View v, final int position, final long id)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onListItemClick	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onListItemClick(final ListView l, final View v, final int position, final long id)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onListItemClick	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onListItemClick(final ListView l, final View v, final int position, final long id)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onLoadFinished	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onLoadFinished(final Loader<Cursor> loader, final Cursor data)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onLoaderReset	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onLoaderReset(final Loader<Cursor> loader)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onOptionsItemSelected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public boolean onOptionsItemSelected(final MenuItem item)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onPause	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onPause()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onPause	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onPause()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onReceive	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		public void onReceive(final Context context, final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.BlockchainBroadcastReceiver
onReceive	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		public void onReceive(final Context context, final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.BlockchainBroadcastReceiver
onRestoreInstanceState	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	protected void onRestoreInstanceState(final Parcelable state)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
onResume	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onResume()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onResume	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onResume()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onSaveInstanceState	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	protected Parcelable onSaveInstanceState()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
onSharedPreferenceChanged	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onSharedPreferenceChanged(final SharedPreferences sharedPreferences, final String key)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onSharedPreferenceChanged	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onSharedPreferenceChanged(final SharedPreferences sharedPreferences, final String key)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onTextChanged	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^		public void onTextChanged(final CharSequence s, final int start, final int before, final int count)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView.TextViewListener
onViewCreated	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onViewCreated(final View view, final Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onViewCreated	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onViewCreated(final View view, final Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onViewCreated	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onViewCreated(View view, Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
query	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private String query = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
query	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private String query = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
rateBase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		private BigInteger rateBase = GenericUtils.ONE_NBT;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter	file:
rateBase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		private BigInteger rateBase = GenericUtils.ONE_RBT;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter	file:
rateLoaderCallbacks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final LoaderCallbacks<Cursor> rateLoaderCallbacks = new LoaderManager.LoaderCallbacks<Cursor>()$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
rateLoaderCallbacks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final LoaderCallbacks<Cursor> rateLoaderCallbacks = new LoaderManager.LoaderCallbacks<Cursor>()$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
replaying	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private boolean replaying = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
replaying	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private boolean replaying = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
setAmount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setAmount(@Nullable final BigInteger amount, final boolean fireListener)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setAmountSigned	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setAmountSigned(final boolean amountSigned)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setContextButton	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setContextButton(final int contextButtonResId, @Nonnull final OnClickListener contextButtonClickListener)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setCurrencySymbol	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setCurrencySymbol(@Nullable final String currencyCode)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setEnabled	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setEnabled(final boolean enabled)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setFire	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^		public void setFire(final boolean fire)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView.TextViewListener
setHint	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setHint(@Nullable final BigInteger amount)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setHintPrecision	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setHintPrecision(final int hintPrecision)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setInputPrecision	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setInputPrecision(final int inputPrecision)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setListener(@Nonnull final Listener listener)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setNextFocusId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setNextFocusId(final int nextFocusId)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setRateBase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		public void setRateBase(final BigInteger rateBase)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter
setRateBase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		public void setRateBase(final BigInteger rateBase)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter
setShift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setShift(final int shift)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setStrikeThru	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setStrikeThru(final boolean strikeThru)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setTextColor	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setTextColor(final int color)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setValidateAmount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	public void setValidateAmount(final boolean validateAmount)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView
setWalletAddresses	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void setWalletAddresses(@Nonnull final ArrayList<Address> addresses)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
shift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private int shift = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
significantColor	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private int significantColor, lessSignificantColor, errorColor;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
textView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private TextView textView;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
textViewListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private final TextViewListener textViewListener = new TextViewListener();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
updateAppearance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private void updateAppearance()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
updateEmptyText	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private void updateEmptyText()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
updateEmptyText	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private void updateEmptyText()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
updateView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private void updateView()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
updateView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private void updateView()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
validateAmount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/CurrencyAmountView.java	/^	private boolean validateAmount = true;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CurrencyAmountView	file:
wallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private Wallet wallet;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
wallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private Wallet wallet;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
walletAddressesSelection	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private String walletAddressesSelection;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
