!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
CREATOR	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        public static final Parcelable.Creator<SavedState> CREATOR$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.SavedState
IS_HONEYCOMB	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    private static final boolean IS_HONEYCOMB = Build.VERSION.SDK_INT >= Build.VERSION_CODES.HONEYCOMB;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner	file:
IcsAbsSpinner	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public IcsAbsSpinner(Context context) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
IcsAbsSpinner	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public IcsAbsSpinner(Context context, AttributeSet attrs) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
IcsAbsSpinner	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public IcsAbsSpinner(Context context, AttributeSet attrs, int defStyle) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
IcsAbsSpinner	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^public abstract class IcsAbsSpinner extends IcsAdapterView<SpinnerAdapter> {$/;"	c	language:Java
RecycleBin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    class RecycleBin {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
SavedState	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        SavedState(Parcelable superState) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.SavedState
SavedState	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        private SavedState(Parcel in) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.SavedState	file:
SavedState	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    static class SavedState extends BaseSavedState {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
clear	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        void clear() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.RecycleBin
com.actionbarsherlock.internal.widget	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^package com.actionbarsherlock.internal.widget;$/;"	p	language:Java
generateDefaultLayoutParams	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    protected ViewGroup.LayoutParams generateDefaultLayoutParams() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
get	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        View get(int position) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.RecycleBin
getAdapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public SpinnerAdapter getAdapter() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
getChildHeight	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    int getChildHeight(View child) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
getChildWidth	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    int getChildWidth(View child) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
getCount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public int getCount() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
getSelectedView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public View getSelectedView() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
initAbsSpinner	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    private void initAbsSpinner() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner	file:
layout	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    abstract void layout(int delta, boolean animate);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mAdapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    SpinnerAdapter mAdapter;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mBlockLayoutRequests	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    boolean mBlockLayoutRequests;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mDataSetObserver	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    private DataSetObserver mDataSetObserver;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner	file:
mHeightMeasureSpec	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    int mHeightMeasureSpec;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mRecycler	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    final RecycleBin mRecycler = new RecycleBin();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mScrapHeap	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        private final SparseArray<View> mScrapHeap = new SparseArray<View>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.RecycleBin	file:
mSelectionBottomPadding	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    int mSelectionBottomPadding = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mSelectionLeftPadding	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    int mSelectionLeftPadding = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mSelectionRightPadding	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    int mSelectionRightPadding = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mSelectionTopPadding	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    int mSelectionTopPadding = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mSpinnerPadding	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    final Rect mSpinnerPadding = new Rect();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
mTouchFrame	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    private Rect mTouchFrame;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner	file:
mWidthMeasureSpec	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    int mWidthMeasureSpec;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
onMeasure	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    protected void onMeasure(int widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
onRestoreInstanceState	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public void onRestoreInstanceState(Parcelable state) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
onSaveInstanceState	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public Parcelable onSaveInstanceState() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
pointToPosition	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public int pointToPosition(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
position	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        int position;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.SavedState
put	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        public void put(int position, View v) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.RecycleBin
recycleAllViews	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    void recycleAllViews() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
requestLayout	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public void requestLayout() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
resetList	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    void resetList() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
selectedId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        long selectedId;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.SavedState
setAdapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public void setAdapter(SpinnerAdapter adapter) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
setSelection	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public void setSelection(int position) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
setSelection	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    public void setSelection(int position, boolean animate) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
setSelectionInt	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^    void setSelectionInt(int position, boolean animate) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.SavedState
writeToParcel	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/actionbarsherlock/internal/widget/IcsAbsSpinner.java	/^        public void writeToParcel(Parcel out, int flags) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IcsAbsSpinner.SavedState
