!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
INTENT_EXTRA_PAYMENT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static final String INTENT_EXTRA_PAYMENT = "payment";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
INTENT_EXTRA_PAYMENT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static final String INTENT_EXTRA_PAYMENT = "payment";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
INTENT_EXTRA_PAYMENTREQUEST	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static final String INTENT_EXTRA_PAYMENTREQUEST = "paymentrequest";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
INTENT_EXTRA_PAYMENTREQUEST	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static final String INTENT_EXTRA_PAYMENTREQUEST = "paymentrequest";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
INTENT_EXTRA_TRANSACTION_HASH	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static final String INTENT_EXTRA_TRANSACTION_HASH = "transaction_hash";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
INTENT_EXTRA_TRANSACTION_HASH	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static final String INTENT_EXTRA_TRANSACTION_HASH = "transaction_hash";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
MIMETYPE_PAYMENTREQUEST	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static final String MIMETYPE_PAYMENTREQUEST = "application\/nubits-paymentrequest"; \/\/ BIP 71$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
MIMETYPE_PAYMENTREQUEST	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static final String MIMETYPE_PAYMENTREQUEST = "application\/nubits-paymentrequest"; \/\/ BIP 71$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
NANOCOINS_PER_COIN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static final int NANOCOINS_PER_COIN = 100000000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
NANOCOINS_PER_COIN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static final int NANOCOINS_PER_COIN = 100000000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
NubitsIntegration	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^public final class NubitsIntegration$/;"	c	language:Java
NubitsIntegration	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^public final class NubitsIntegration$/;"	c	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.integration.android	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.integration.android;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.integration.android	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubits_android_wallet.integration.android;$/;"	p	language:Java
makeNubitsUriIntent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static Intent makeNubitsUriIntent(final String address, final Long amount)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
makeNubitsUriIntent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static Intent makeNubitsUriIntent(final String address, final Long amount)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
makePaymentRequestIntent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static Intent makePaymentRequestIntent(final byte[] paymentRequest)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
makePaymentRequestIntent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static Intent makePaymentRequestIntent(final byte[] paymentRequest)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
paymentFromResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static byte[] paymentFromResult(final Intent result)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
paymentFromResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static byte[] paymentFromResult(final Intent result)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
paymentRequestFromIntent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static byte[] paymentRequestFromIntent(final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
paymentRequestFromIntent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static byte[] paymentRequestFromIntent(final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
paymentToResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static void paymentToResult(final Intent result, final byte[] payment)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
paymentToResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static void paymentToResult(final Intent result, final byte[] payment)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
redirectToDownload	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static void redirectToDownload(final Context context)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
redirectToDownload	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static void redirectToDownload(final Context context)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
request	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static void request(final Context context, final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
request	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static void request(final Context context, final String address, final long amount)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
request	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static void request(final Context context, final byte[] paymentRequest)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
request	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static void request(final Context context, final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
request	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static void request(final Context context, final String address, final long amount)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
request	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static void request(final Context context, final byte[] paymentRequest)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
requestForResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static void requestForResult(final Activity activity, final int requestCode, final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
requestForResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static void requestForResult(final Activity activity, final int requestCode, final String address, final long amount)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
requestForResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static void requestForResult(final Activity activity, final int requestCode, final byte[] paymentRequest)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
requestForResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static void requestForResult(final Activity activity, final int requestCode, final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
requestForResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static void requestForResult(final Activity activity, final int requestCode, final String address, final long amount)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
requestForResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static void requestForResult(final Activity activity, final int requestCode, final byte[] paymentRequest)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
start	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static void start(final Context context, final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
start	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static void start(final Context context, final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
startForResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	private static void startForResult(final Activity activity, final int requestCode, final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
startForResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	private static void startForResult(final Activity activity, final int requestCode, final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration	file:
transactionHashFromResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static String transactionHashFromResult(final Intent result)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
transactionHashFromResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static String transactionHashFromResult(final Intent result)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
transactionHashToResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/NubitsIntegration.java	/^	public static void transactionHashToResult(final Intent result, final String txHash)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
transactionHashToResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubits-android-wallet/integration-android/src/com/matthewmitchell/nubits_android_wallet/integration/android/PeercoinIntegration.java	/^	public static void transactionHashToResult(final Intent result, final String txHash)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsIntegration
